hey guys ready hairy sweaty pixels if
they were going to be doing an unboxing
video for my razer blackwidow ultimate
stealth edition mechanical keyboard I've
been waiting on this thing for a couple
weeks it was on backorder so i ordered
it and when I got back from from pax
last night it was here waiting for me so
I'm pretty excited good been wanting to
upgrade to a mechanical keyboard for
quite a while so this should be very
very good it supposed to be the best and
so it's supposed to be that the quietest
of the mechanical keyboards so we shall
see what razor always does this very
elaborate elaborate packaging quite
elaborate yeah so just at first glance I
don't know if you heard magma kind of
keyboards but this one is definitely not
as loud actually what my brother has the
he has the loud mechanical mechanical
razer keyboard i think he just has the
black the black widow ultimate not the
stealth so actually for part of this
video although we'll go put my keyboard
next to his and compare the noise levels
but if you're not familiar with the
mechanical keyboards the idea is that
maybe the keys being mechanical
underneath that's supposed to be more
responsible for for gaming specifically
so i mean anything anything anywhere you
can get an edge you know with gaming
that's kind of my thing and i don't know
how to get this thing apart without
really just tearing to shreds it's like
a maze
everything tucked in here unplug it all
right there we go here's the here's our
little packet that has CD and I'll see
what else it has in your place like some
stickers or something but here's the a
double double USB wire so you guys that
why has to be WSB I have no idea but
find out Pike is it's so badass see
shoulda brought scissors are taped
there's tape I have no scissors very
nice chord it's nice braided like a lot
of Fraser's wires are it's a nice
braided material here and yet we have we
have to aux inputs and two USB wires oh
we have okay where we have the you have
your headphones and you have a mic so
you can you plug these and your computer
and then you can actually plug your
let's see where the inputs are right
here on the side you have a oh that's
what this extra wires for its to make
this is a USB hub you guys can see that
here there's a mic headphone and USB
jack so that's what this extra USB wire
something before is to make this port
work so you can have a USB port on your
keyboard but let me put my fingers on
here feels good and over here you have a
bunch of macro keys on the side to you
can you can program your own mac words
into those into
those function keys right there which is
cool and yeah this it's God got a nice
weight to it and hope they keep the keys
are backlit of course let's see what's
in here real fast let's see definitely
no it's got a little hook course
stickers it's got the book and a bunch
of other praise your propaganda
guarantee warranty stuff so let's uh
I'll give these stickers away about the
do a contest next at the end of this
week so we'll do a little giveaway for
that I'm going to cut away I'll be right
back I'm going to put this next to my
brother's keyboard and we'll do a little
sound test to see how much quieter it is
so I'll be right back ok we're back and
here is my keyboard the ultimate stealth
and here is his his his keyboard just
the ultimate so what we'll do mine first
we'll do it we'll test the key really
shouldn't matter get a little bit better
focus on this I see come on
ok
at the F key there's the FD here's the F
key on his I'm hitting this the same
same pressure this is a little bit
louder this is keys are a little bit
more springy than mine but uh I'd rather
have the the quieter some of my keyboard
waking people up on the sleeping so
there's that okay so we're back and here
is my keyboard and here's just a regular
run-of-the-mill dell keyboard so f key
alright not too loud and then the
regular keyboard little quieter alright
slightly louder just slightly so anyways
guys this has been my unboxing / sound
comparison of the razor ultimate stealth
edition here so yeah I'll give I'm
actually going to review this keyboard
once I am on once I actually plug it in
it use it but anyways guys have been
fried egg thanks for watching and if
you're not using razor products you
should definitely check them out because
they're badass alright see you